Starting streaming helpers package (#74)
thefrontside/effectionx: stream-helpers/README.md

    console.log(batch); // [1, 2, 3], [4, 5, 6], ...
  }
});

// Example: Batch by time
await run(function* () {
  const stream = batch({ maxTime: 1000 })(sourceStream);

  for (const batch of yield* each(stream)) {
    console.log(batch); // Items received within 1 second
    yield* each.next();
  }
});

// Example: Combined batching
await run(function* () {
  const stream = batch({
    maxSize: 5,
    maxTime: 1000,
  })(sourceStream);

  for (const batch of yield* each(stream)) {
    console.log(batch); // Up to 5 items within 1 second
    yield* each.next();
  }
});
```

### Valve

The `valve` operation controls stream flow based on buffer size thresholds.

```typescript
import { valve } from "@effectionx/stream-helpers";
import { each, run } from "effection";

await run(function* () {
  const stream = valve({
    openAt: 2, // Open valve when buffer size <= 2
    closeAt: 5, // Close valve when buffer size >= 5
    open() {
      console.log("Valve opened");
    },
    close() {
      console.log("Valve closed");
    },
  })(sourceStream);

  for (const value of yield* each(stream)) {
    console.log(value);
    yield* each.next();
  }
});
```

> ### Pipe
> 
> The `pipe` operation allows composing multiple stream transformations together.
> 
> ```typescript
> import { valve } from "@effectionx/stream-helpers";
> import { each, run } from "effection";
> // any standard pipe function should work
> import { pipe } from "remeda";

Reviewer: This makes it seem like `pipe` is defined in this package, but we should re-iterate that you can bring your own.

```suggestion
### Composing stream helpers 

You can use a simple `pipe()` to compose a series of stream helpers together. In this example, we use one from `ramda`, 

```typescript
import { valve } from "@effectionx/stream-helpers";
import { each, run } from "effection";
// any standard pipe function should work
import { pipe } from "remeda";
```

Author: @cowboyd I'm using [remeda](https://www.npmjs.com/package/remeda) in the test because Ramda doesn't include types. The types that are provided by `@types/ramda` don't compile with my test.

Reviewer: Oh snap! I searched for that package on npm but for some reason didn't see it so assumed it was a typo.

await run(function* () {

>   const valveStream = valve({
>     closeAt: 5,
>     open,
>     close,
>     openAt: 2,
>   });
> 
>   // Create a batch processor that batches by size 3
>   const batchStream = batch({ maxSize: 3 });
> 
>   // Compose the streams using pipe
>   const composedStream = pipe(
>     sourceStream,
>     valveStream,
>     batchStream,
>   );
> 
>   for (const value of yield* each(stream)) {

Reviewer: I'd put them inline. I think this illustrates why the weird function returning function syntax
```suggestion
  // Compose stream helpers using pipe
  const stream = pipe(
    source,
    valve({ open, close, openAt: 2, closeAt: 5 }),
    batch({ maxSize: 3 }),
  );

  for (const value of yield* each(stream)) {
```

```typescript
import { batch, filter, map, valve } from "@effectionx/stream-helpers";
import { each } from "effection";
// any standard pipe function should work
import { pipe } from "remeda";

function* example(source: Stream<number, unknown>) {
  // Compose stream helpers using pipe
  const stream = pipe(
    source,
    valve({ open, close, openAt: 100, closeAt: 100 }),
    filter(function* (x) {
      return x > 0;
    }),
    map(function* (x) {
      return x * 20;
    }),
    batch({ maxSize: 50 }),
  );

  for (const value of yield* each(stream)) {
    console.log(value);
    yield* each.next();
  }
}
```

## Testing Streams

The library includes testing utilities to help you test your stream processing
code. These are available in `@effectionx/stream-helpers/test-helpers` export.

### Faucet

The `createFaucet` function creates a stream that can be used to test the
behavior of streams that use backpressure. It's particularly useful in tests
where you need a controllable source stream.

```typescript
import { createFaucet } from "@effectionx/stream-helpers/test-helpers";
import { each, run, spawn } from "effection";

await run(function* () {

>   const faucet = yield* createFaucet<number>({ open: true });

Reviewer: typically `createX()` implies that `X` is stateless, whereas `useX()` implies that this is a resource.

}
```

### Passthrough Tracker

Passthrough Tracker stream helper provides a way to know if all items that
passed through the stream have been handled. This is especially helpful when
you want to ensure that all items were processed before completing an operation.

It's different from other stream helpers because you must first call `createTracker` function which retuns an object. The actual helper is on the `passthrough` method 
which you can call and chain as you would with other helpers.

```typescript
import { each, signal } from "effection";
import { createTracker } from "@ffectionx/stream-helpers"

const source = signal(0);

// create the tracker
const tracker = yield* createTracker();

// create  passthrough stream helper

> const stream = tracker.passthrough();
> 
> for (const value of yield* each(stream(source))) {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
const track = tracker.passthrough();

for (const value of yield* each(track(source))) {
```
